that was I go to tribal in series we we
weren't to satisfy I get into the
playoffs me proves out you know we were
they have been in the playoffs and you
know we have a team that can win a
series but she taken from last they
gotta be disciplined you know no matter
how big ali or small or large a deficit
deficit is you got to be disciplined and
last night you know we lost our
discipline and in the game in the fourth
quarter we watch them and it looked
terrible but you know it's a learning
tool it will happen to us again I'm sure
of it how much of what happened
they were really good and we were really
bad saying hey the same time I mean we
just didn't focus the way we should have
focused and but that's something you
learned from you know we'll fix that in
a Gaza but you know we learn from the
film we understand what they did they
got really a man they got going and so
give them credit for you know they're
making a run and making a comeback they
could have just laid down but you know
that's a tough I in team so we'd learn
from and get better how much of that
momentum you think that they got fourth
quarters 144 points can be careful I
don't know I'm a that's not from that's
13 but we've got to go out there and do
our game plan come out there and fight
know how we know how to fight you let
you lost any momentum going again how
the game ended my I don't think we lost
I mean we still won the game at the end
a the W counts and you know we take that
as a positive we won the game so we
can't let you know we look at the things
that we did bad and we learn from them
but we still were when it is serious
right now we got to try to you know go
win another game your comment in the
playoffs but
we're lost Kari is over yeah I think so
because every game different every
single game is a different game again
what was different the game to game two
was different in Game five every game
different so I think a lot of the
momentum stuff I think it's you know
it's overhyped because a tenday still
going to start the game over you can't
lead a long time are these the biggest
games is your career yeah I mean it's
been the most exciting the most fun for
me so far hopefully I have bigger games
coming in my career and but this first
round has been fun i'm a were all around
the playoffs in the league the plans
have been amazing what does it mean to
you that in the biggest games eve ever
played you're not only coming update but
your you've won the last two dangerous
um either when my team I team won you
know I got a bunch of group guys in
there and coaching staff who we all feed
off each other for me it's just you know
hard work hard work pays off and you
know just sticking with the program
sticking with you knowing knowing what
you do it being confidence in yourself
would you specifically
yeah state discipline do what you do got
you to the lead or got you to the point
where we are now don't stray from work
you know for three quarters of a whole
season for us been so crazy our
amazement amazing that the energy that
we're getting from inside even outside
of this it's just a wonderful thing to
be a part of its pretty cool is every
day every game is something you know
that is a great thing to see I haven't
left my house then I decide left my
house so I don't know but I'm sure it is
honestly I when i'm in brooklyn i don't
focus on the crowd I focus on the game
in the task ahead oh I'm gonna floor
that's all that matters last question
please you say it was just in the energy
no I don't think I think we just lost
focus we just we became undisciplined
that fourth quarter but we have to not
be on disciplines